Add docs for rec resolution and hybrid apps (#274)
GodotVR/godot_openxr_vendors: docs/manual/hybrid_apps.rst

Hybrid Apps
===========

.. note::

    Check out the `Hybrid App Sample Project <https://github.com/GodotVR/godot_openxr_vendors/tree/master/samples/hybrid-app-sample>`_
    for a working demo of hybird app functionality.

Hybrid apps are applications capable of swapping between an immersive 3D mode and a 2D panel mode at runtime.

Project Settings
----------------

> To enable hybrid app functionality, the feature must be enabled in your project settings. The setting can be found in **Project Settings** under the **OpenXR** section.

Reviewer: Just to avoid saying "enable" so many times:

```suggestion
To make a hybrid app, the feature must be enabled in your project settings. The setting can be found in **Project Settings** under the **OpenXR** section.
```

The **Hybrid App** setting should be visible if **Advanced Settings** are enabled.

.. image:: img/hybrid_apps/hybrid_apps_project_setting.png

By default, hybrid app functionality is disabled. Selecting either of the other options will enable hybrid app features and determine the app's starting mode.

Switching Modes
---------------

To switch between immersive and panel app modes in your hybrid app, use the :ref:`switch_mode <class_openxrhybridapp_method_switch_mode>` function.

> In order to pass data between modes, this function accepts a ``String`` that can be accessed in the new app mode via the :ref:`get_launch_data <class_openxrhybridapp_method_get_launch_data>` function.

Reviewer: This should say something about how switching modes actually restarts the application, so folks know why they may want to pass data.

Something like:

```suggestion
Switching modes restarts the application, so if you want it start from where the user left off, you will need to use the second argument to pass data to the new mode as a ``String``, which can be accessed via the :ref:`get_launch_data <class_openxrhybridapp_method_get_launch_data>` function.
```

Makes for a very long sentence, though. Probably could be done better than my suggestion.

Author: It is a long sentence but I think it works very well. :) I've moved the following sentence into the paragraph below to break it up a tad more.

Storing the data you'd like to share in a `Dictionary <https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/class_dictionary.html>`_
and converting it to/from `JSON <https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/class_json.html>`_ is one way you might utilize this feature.

Here's what it might look like if your app is switching from immersive to panel mode and you have a value you'd like to pass along:

.. code-block:: gdscript

>     var my_value = 100 # Value we want to share.
> 
>     var my_dictionary = {}
>     my_dictionary["my_key"] = my_value

Reviewer: Maybe use variable names with more context to help folks understand what this is for?

Like:

```suggestion
    var current_score = 100 # Game state we want to keep in the new mode.

    var my_dictionary = {}
    my_dictionary["current_score"] = current_score
```

    var my_string = JSON.stringify(my_dictionary)
    OpenXRHybridApp.switch_mode(OpenXRHybridApp.HYBRID_MODE_PANEL, my_string)

Then, in your newly launched panel application, you could access ``my_value`` like so:

.. code-block:: gdscript

    var my_string = OpenXRHybridApp.get_launch_data()
    var my_dictionary = JSON.parse_string(my_string)

>     var my_value = my_dictionary.get("my_key", 0) # Value we wanted to share

Reviewer: And updating this one too:

```suggestion
    var current_score = my_dictionary.get("current_score", 0) # Value we wanted to share
```

I don't know that "current_score" is the best example, but something that shows that this meant to represent the current game state.

In the sample, it's using the current turkey rotation :-)
